GENERAL POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS THAT I, (Principal Name) S/o. / W/o. (Principal Father Name)
aged (Principal Age) years, residing at No. (Principal Address) do hereby nominate, 
appoint constitute and appoint Sri./Smt. (Attorney Name) S/o. / W/o. (Attorney Father Name) aged 
about (Attorney Age) years residing at (Attorney Address) as my true and lawful 
power of attorney holder to do the following acts, deeds and things on my behalf 
and in my name in respect of the schedule property. 
 
Whereas, the sole and absolute owner in and possession of the schedule property, 
which is self acquired property. 
 
Whereas, I am being unable to maintain manage and look after the affairs of the 
said property, I hereby appoint the said attorney holder to the following acts, deeds 
and perform things on my behalf and in my name with entire powers thereon. 
 
1. To appear before the authorities of BDA Corporation, Revenue office / Village 
Panchayath Office, or any other office pertaining to state or central 
Government or any other office and to represent in all respect. 
 
2. To make payment of taxes, rates, cesses, assessments, to get plan sanction to 
any competent authority levied by them from time to time on my behalf. 
 
3. To appoint advocate/s, pleader/s, prosecutor/s, or any other competent 
authority for all purpose. 
 
4. To file cases either civil or criminal in any competent court/s and to complete 
the proceedings. 
 
5. To apply and to obtain relevant document in respect of the schedule property 
on my behalf, and to put up any constructions in the schedule property. 
 
6. To sign all documents, papers, agreements, affidavits forms vakalaths, receipts, 
declarations, etc., and to derive all kind of benefits and profits in respect of the 
schedule property on my behalf. 
 
7. I have not given any power to this attorney holder to alienate property. 
 
I hereby agree to ratify and confirm all and what so ever that my said attorney 
shall lawfully do or cause to be done be virtue of this document. 
 
 
SCHEDULE 
 
All the piece and parcel of immovable property bearing No. (Property Number)  
Measuring (Property Dimensions) 
 
Bounded by:- 
 
On the East: (Property Bounded East) 
 
On the West: (Property Bounded West) 
 
On the South: (Property Bounded South) 
 
On the North: (Property Bounded North) 
 
Stamp duty paid as per Article 41(f) of the Schedule to the Karnataka Stamp Act, 1957. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I the executant above named has signed to this general 
power of attorney on this (Date) day (Month) month (Year) year. 
  
WITNESS: 
 
1. Sri. (Witness 1 Name)
   Address: (Witness 1 Address)
   Witness Signature: (Signature of Witness 1)

2. Sri. (Witness 2 Name)
   Address: (Witness 2 Address)
   Witness Signature: (Signature of Witness 2)
 
 
EXECUTANT Signature: (Signature of the Executant)
